com/saandrew/eldocuments/BR.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.BR
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/PassportFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.PassportFragmentBindingImpl
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.PassportFragmentBindingImpl$1
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.PassportFragmentBindingImpl$2
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.PassportFragmentBindingImpl$3
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.PassportFragmentBindingImpl$4
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.PassportFragmentBindingImpl$5
androidx/databinding/DataBindingComponent.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBindingComponent
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/DocTypeChildrenBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.DocTypeChildrenBindingImpl
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/InsuranceNumberFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.InsuranceNumberFragmentBindingImpl
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.InsuranceNumberFragmentBindingImpl$1
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/DriverLicenseFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.DriverLicenseFragmentBindingImpl
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.DriverLicenseFragmentBindingImpl$1
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.DriverLicenseFragmentBindingImpl$2
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.DriverLicenseFragmentBindingImpl$3
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/HealthInsuranceFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.HealthInsuranceFragmentBindingImpl
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.HealthInsuranceFragmentBindingImpl$1
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.HealthInsuranceFragmentBindingImpl$2
androidx/databinding/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 androidx.databinding.DataBinderMapperImpl
com/saandrew/eldocuments/generated/callback/OnClickListener.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.generated.callback.OnClickListener
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.generated.callback.OnClickListener$Listener
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/ActivityEnterBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.ActivityEnterBindingImpl
androidx/databinding/library/baseAdapters/BR.java
 androidx.databinding.library.baseAdapters.BR
com/saandrew/eldocuments/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/saandrew/eldocuments/BuildConfig.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.BuildConfig
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/RegisterFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.RegisterFragmentBindingImpl
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.RegisterFragmentBindingImpl$1
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.RegisterFragmentBindingImpl$2
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/ActivityEnterBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.ActivityEnterBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/QrFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.QrFragmentBindingImpl
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/QrResultFragmentBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.QrResultFragmentBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/RegisterFragmentBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.RegisterFragmentBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/HealthInsuranceFragmentBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.HealthInsuranceFragmentBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/UserProfileFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.UserProfileFragmentBindingImpl
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/DriverLicenseItemBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.DriverLicenseItemBindingImpl
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/HealthInsuranceItemBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.HealthInsuranceItemBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/InsuranceNumberItemBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.InsuranceNumberItemBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/QrScannerFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.QrScannerFragmentBindingImpl
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/UserProfileFragmentBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.UserProfileFragmentBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/QrResultFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.QrResultFragmentBindingImpl
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/PassportItemBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.PassportItemBindingImpl
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/DocumentsFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.DocumentsFragmentBindingImpl
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/PassportItemBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.PassportItemBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/ActivityMainBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.ActivityMainBindingImpl
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/DocTypeChildrenBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.DocTypeChildrenBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/QrFragmentBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.QrFragmentBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/EnterFragmentBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.EnterFragmentBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/InsuranceNumberFragmentBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.InsuranceNumberFragmentBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/EnterFragmentBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.EnterFragmentBindingImpl
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.EnterFragmentBindingImpl$1
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.EnterFragmentBindingImpl$2
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/DriverLicenseFragmentBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.DriverLicenseFragmentBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/HealthInsuranceItemBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.HealthInsuranceItemBindingImpl
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/DocumentsFragmentBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.DocumentsFragmentBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/InsuranceNumberItemBindingImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.InsuranceNumberItemBindingImpl
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/DriverLicenseItemBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.DriverLicenseItemBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/PassportFragmentBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.PassportFragmentBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/databinding/QrScannerFragmentBinding.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.databinding.QrScannerFragmentBinding
com/saandrew/eldocuments/DataBinderMapperImpl.java
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.DataBinderMapperImpl
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerBrLookup
 com.saandrew.eldocuments.DataBinderMapperImpl$InnerLayoutIdLookup
